you know what's up everybody quick video
not really any kind of footage here it's
more to my subscribers um I'm gonna do a
Q&A probably on here from now on add it
in addition to the the rest of the
videos i do i want to add a Q&A section
i'm probably gonna also add a challenge
section where I eat all different kinds
of challenges nothing too crazy but I'm
gonna have some legendary cheat meals
once a week every Sunday so maybe like
I'll try to eat you know something crazy
like two large cheese pizzas for a cheap
meal or I'll try to eat break a record
unlike two tubs the ice cream something
for a cheat meal but that's not gonna
come until I get as lean as I want to
get let me get really shredded and I'm
going to stay with that diet that I'm on
to stay lean and then what I'm going to
do to kind of be off the diet is I'm
going to have those legendary cheap
metals once a week which will be
challenges so keep an eye out or an
estimate pretty tired don't you know
what I'm talking about keep an eye out
for that and keep your thoughts in your
brain for what kind of challenge you
want me to do when that time comes other
than that what I need from you is some
questions if you have any fitness
related questions or anything just put
it down below in the comment section and
I'm gonna try to you know do some
pushing and answers on these videos I of
dieting so I'm kind of loopy and it's
208 in the morning I am starting tackle
I'm not getting bigger I know it looks
like it just that I'm actually getting
and when you get leaner you look bigger
it's awesome but um my train of thought
is all over the place I got a TD right
now so I'm going to leave my last meal
at 208 in the morning because your body
doesn't care what time does and they're
going to be the end of my macros from
today yesterday but our unique UAE's put
him down there um yeah I wanted to say
thanks to Mike yeah hope you have the
new battery and I believe he's gonna do
a logo for me um big thanks to Nevin aww
Nevins come through a lot like a new
case coming for this camera and a lot of
people help out and letting this channel
grow and that's what I want this channel
to grow so leave your comments and
questions and if you want to comment
lead up a leave a food challenge I don't
mind reading them all right i'll see you
guys